<root><OPHeading1>Committees Meeting Today</OPHeading1>
<OPHeading2>Select Committees</OPHeading2>
<Heading3Underlined>Scottish Affairs Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>Subject: Scotland's space sector</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>Room 6&#8232;2.30pm (private), 3.00pm (public)</MotionText>
<MotionCrossHeading>Witnesses:</MotionCrossHeading>
<Table xmlns:aid="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/4.0/" xmlns:aid5="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/5.0/" aid:table="table" aid5:tablestyle="StandardTable" aid:tcols="2" aid:trows="5"><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">3.00pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Colin Macleod</strong> (Head of Space Regulation at Civil Aviation Authority)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">3.30pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Scott McClelland</strong> (Unit Head, New Market Clusters Unit at Scottish Government)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Rory McGregor</strong> (Unit Head, New Market Clusters Unit at Scottish Government)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">4.30pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>The Lord Cameron of Lochiel</strong> (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Dr Paul Bate</strong> (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at UK Space Agency)</TableStyle></Cell></Table>
<Heading3Underlined>Defence Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>Subject: Defence in the Grey Zone</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>The Thatcher Room, Portcullis House&#8232;3.15pm (private), 3.30pm (public)</MotionText>
<MotionCrossHeading>Witnesses:</MotionCrossHeading>
<Table xmlns:aid="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/4.0/" xmlns:aid5="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/5.0/" aid:table="table" aid5:tablestyle="StandardTable" aid:tcols="2" aid:trows="1"><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">3.30pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>James Appathurai</strong> (Deputy Assistant Secretary General for Innovation, Hybrid and Cyber at NATO)</TableStyle></Cell></Table>
<Heading3Underlined>Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>Subject: Improving the home buying and selling process</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>Room 16&#8232;3.30pm (private), 4.00pm (public)</MotionText>
<MotionCrossHeading>Witnesses:</MotionCrossHeading>
<Table xmlns:aid="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/4.0/" xmlns:aid5="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/5.0/" aid:table="table" aid5:tablestyle="StandardTable" aid:tcols="2" aid:trows="6"><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">4.00pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Kate Faulkner</strong> (Chair at Home Buying and Selling Group)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Paula Higgins</strong> (Chair at HomeOwners Alliance)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Maria Harris</strong> (Chair at Open Property Data Association)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">5.00pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Mairead Carroll</strong> (RICS Senior Property Specialist at The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS))</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Timothy Douglas</strong> (RICS Senior Property Specialist at Propertymark)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Beth Rudolf</strong> (RICS Senior Property Specialist at The Conveyancing Association)</TableStyle></Cell></Table>
<Heading3Underlined>Public Accounts Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>Subject: Investigation into UKHSA Health Security Campus</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>The Grimond Room, Portcullis House&#8232;3.30pm (private), 4.00pm (public)</MotionText>
<MotionCrossHeading>Witnesses:</MotionCrossHeading>
<Table xmlns:aid="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/4.0/" xmlns:aid5="http://ns.adobe.com/AdobeInDesign/5.0/" aid:table="table" aid5:tablestyle="StandardTable" aid:tcols="2" aid:trows="4"><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2">4.00pm</Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Professor Dame Jenny Harries DBE</strong> (Chief Executive at UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA))</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Scott McPherson</strong> (Chief Executive at UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA))</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Shona Dunn CB</strong> (Chief Executive at Department of Health and Social Care)</TableStyle></Cell><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="95.2"/><Cell aid:table="cell" aid:ccols="1" aid:crows="1" aid:ccolwidth="380.8"><TableStyle><strong>Andrew Sanderson</strong> (Chief Executive at UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA))</TableStyle></Cell></Table>
<Heading3Underlined>Administration Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<MotionText>Room 5&#8232;4.30pm (private)</MotionText>
<OPHeading2>Public Bill Committees</OPHeading2>
<Heading3Underlined>Football Governance Bill: Programming sub-committee</Heading3Underlined>
<MotionText>Room 10 &#8232;6.00pm (private)</MotionText>
<OPHeading2>Delegated Legislation Committees</OPHeading2>
<Heading3Underlined>First Delegated Legislation Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>To consider the draft Carbon Capture Revenue Support (Directions, Eligibility and Counterparty) Regulations 2024, and the draft Carbon Dioxide Transport and Storage Revenue Support (Directions and Counterparty) Regulations 2024</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>Room 9&#8232;4.30pm (public)</MotionText>
<Heading3Underlined>Second Delegated Legislation Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>To consider the draft Product Safety and Metrology etc. (Amendment) Regulations 2024</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>Room 11&#8232;4.30pm (public)</MotionText>
<Heading3Underlined>Third Delegated Legislation Committee</Heading3Underlined>
<DebateTimingRubric>To consider the draft International Monetary Fund (Increase in Subscription) Order 2024</DebateTimingRubric>
<MotionText>Room 12&#8232;6.00pm (public)</MotionText>
</root>